fix: update documents for become contributors of Schrödinger Hat (#5)
Schrodinger-Hat/community: README.md

## Contribute

A first step to contributing is to pick a project. 

Start joining the Discord server and have a chat with the other folks.

Each repo will often have a set of "help wanted" or "good first issue" issues that can help new contributors get involved.

## Membership

> We encourage to become ufficial contributors. We aim to grow an active, healthy community of contributors, reviewers and code owners. Learn more about requirements and responsibilities in our [Community Membership page](community-membership.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage all members to become official contributors. We aim to grow an active, healthy community of contributors, reviewers, and code owners. Learn more about requirements and responsibilities on our [Community Membership page](community-membership.md).
```
